[Music]
all right here are 11 ways your dog says
I love you did you know that dogs
basically have the same brain structures
for producing emotions that we have
thanks to this little similarity there
are several ways your dog can express
their infinite love and appreciation to
you but before you find out what they
are don't forget to click the subscribe
button and ring the notification bell to
join us on the bright side of life all
right number one gazing into your eyes
Japanese scientists from the department
of animal science and biotechnology at a
Zombo university along with specialists
from other Japanese universities
conducted a study that showed how dogs
develop strong emotional connections
with humans by staring into their eye
this silent contact increases the level
of the social hormone oxytocin in both
dogs and humans scientists also believe
that this human-like mode of
communication may have been acquired by
dogs during the domestication process
tightening their bond with their future
owners number two bringing you their
toys all dog lovers know how possessive
their friend can get about their toys
and other chews so if your dog proudly
runs toward you with their favorite toy
or even pushes it forward a bit to
encourage you to take it you can be sure
that your pets love for you is strong
and unconditional this comes from a
dog's close connection to its pack in
each pack the leader for your dog it's
obviously you eats first other experts
see this as a declaration of endless
trust either way it's one of the biggest
expressions of a dog's love out there
[Music]
number three yawning when you yawn
humans yawn contagiously and this
process is closely connected to our
empathy and as it turns out a dog's
nature here is almost the same according
to a study conducted by Teresa Romero
and her colleagues at the University of
Tokyo simultaneous yawning is another
sign that your pet is emotionally bonded
to you
so while scientists are still trying to
explain this fun phenomenon you can do a
simple test yourself the check if your
dog truly loves you your and see what
happens
number 4 sleeping with you the dogs are
known to be pack animals and even though
some of their past pack habits are long
gone they still like to take advantage
of their buddies body heat but what's
especially important is that dogs are
pretty vulnerable when they sleep
therefore if they choose to snooze next
to you this means that they trust you
like no one else so don't be afraid to
let your pet sleep next to you because
scientists totally approve according to
a 2017 study published in Mayo Clinic
proceedings sleeping with your dog can
actually improve your sleep efficiency
since having your pet nearby helps you
relax more number 5 wagging their tail
we usually connect tail wagging with
friendliness what specialists insists
that it can portray a whole range of
emotions dr. Carlos acusa of the
University of Pennsylvania School of
Veterinary Medicine says that tail
wagging is a special language that dogs
used to speak to us in general it's a
sign that your dog is open for
interaction and emotionally engaged in
everything that's going on around them
however it also depends on the height
and speed of the wag
a wagging tail held high is a sign of
enthusiasm and confidence a lower tail
indicates nervousness a stiff or slow
wag on the other hand is a red flag
revealing that your dog is tense and not
in the mood to be friendly number 6
raising their eyebrows and showing their
tongue a study published in scientific
reports journal in 2017 showed that dogs
produce way more facial movements when
humans are looking at them they can
raise their eyebrows to make their eyes
look bigger show their tongue or even
use their secret weapon that no one can
resist puppy-dog eyes well that's how I
got hooked and just so you understand
the true power of a dog's love even the
presence of food had no impact
whatsoever on their expressions by the
way another study that was published in
the journal Science confirmed that your
furry friend understands not only your
words but the tone of your speech too so
your dog certainly appreciates all your
long loved monologues oh you're such a
good boy
yet you are number seven cuddling with
you there's nothing like cuddling with
your dog scientists from as Abba
University along with other specialists
confirm that your dog enjoys the
experience just as much for them pugs
are a great stress reliever in addition
petting and talking to your pet even for
a few minutes
boosts oxytocin levels for both you and
your dog but if your dog isn't that keen
on cuddles it may because of the history
and genetics of their breed
after all some dogs were bred to be
affectionate while others were taught to
be completely different
number eight leaning on you as you
already know dogs are pack animals by
nature which makes them seek closeness
with their pack and you are naturally
one of them specialists believe that
dogs lean and touch their owners for
physical and emotional support seeing
them as someone who can protect and
comfort them the study that was
published in science stated that dogs
experience a release of positive brain
chemicals when they're with the humans
they love and some vets are sure that
they often try to tighten this bond
through touch so leaning on you is a
sign of the highest form of trust
number nine letting you touch their head
dog training experts including Sara
Bartlett from hound helpers limited are
sure that you should never go over a
dog's head and try to pet them this way
since they naturally perceive it as a
threatening gesture so if you notice
your dog is not only tolerating it but
also enjoying the process and closing
its eyes and appreciation they
definitely love you back just remember
not to do something like this when you
meet a new dog for the very first time
it's better to give them a moment to
feel a bit more comfortable in your
presence number 10 calmly watching you
leave if your dog feels calm whenever
you leave the house it's a sign that
your buddy trusts you and knows for sure
that you'll come back however not all
dogs are blessed with having no
separation anxiety whatsoever if your
dog is extremely attached to you and
gets nervous or even anxious watching
you leave take it seriously and visit a
vet experts also suggest doing the
things you usually do before leaving and
then stag
then as your dog becomes less anxious
about seeing the usual routine you do
before leaving try to go out for a short
period of time slowly increasing the
time you spend outside the most
important thing is never to leave your
pet if you see that they're stressed and
to give them a nice treat if they waited
calmly for you number 11
going crazy when you come back the
series of experiments conducted by
specialists from the department of
animal environment and health of the
Swedish University of Agricultural
Sciences
well those experiments prove that a warm
and exciting welcome indicates that your
dog is massively invested in you when
you come home your dog's emotions start
certain processes in their bodies
increasing the social hormone oxytocin
and decreasing the stress hormone
cortisol so don't forget to interact
with your dog both physically and
verbally when you get back this way the
high level of oxytocin will be
maintained for much longer
oh and here's a bonus number 12 if your
dog actually says I love you out loud
and in English well not only do you have
a very special dog but you'll probably
get about a billion views on YouTube
really alright so how does your pet show
their love tell us all about it in the
comment section below and don't forget
to give this video a like share it with
your friends and click Subscribe stay
with us
on the bright side of life bye
[Music]
you